ask
Mr. Chen spared my life
In the future, I am willing to worship Mr. Chen as the main one
My disciple, Jude
My master and apprentice Chen Fu
Mr. Chen Beixuan
For the people
Count why
Kneel down for me
That's ordinary people
How can you get it?
The True Strength of World Wu Zun
Chen Beixuan is the number one in the world
son-in-law
Beixuan son-in-law
I have no eyeballs.
You're a real hero.
Dream dream, you decide
Take away where are you taking me
Nanyin is rich in aquatic products
You go fishing there
When I begged you to spare me
You haven't been my dad since then
Take away Abiao
Drag it down
Jiang Tianye
Cult Master Chen
What I did
The master and apprentice family forced me
What the hell are you?
Let me go, I'll give you anything
Let me do anything
As long as you let me go
Jiang Tianye, you betray your country for glory
Collude with evil forces abroad
Your Jiang family does a lot of evil
How many innocent people were killed?
Who let them go?